# Star Wars Web: Front-end Application

This project was created for a technical assessment, to be used with the [Star Wars API](https://github.com/jcamilocp/starwars_api).

## Run the Project

First, install the API and run it with the instructions. Then, open this folder and run the install command:

``npm install``

Then, you can run the application:

``npm start``

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

## Other commands (generated by create-react-app)

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.
